reflect button properties to 'date-dropdown' and 'expanded-search' (#1635)
siemens/ix: .changeset/small-pants-think.md

---
'@siemens/ix-angular': minor
'@siemens/ix': minor
'@siemens/ix-vue': minor
---

> reflect button properties to 'date-dropdown' and 'expanded-search'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add additional button properties to **ix-date-dropdown** and **ix-expanding-search**.
```
